c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\MenuFacil.dll
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\MenuFacil.pdb
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\FluentMongo.dll
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\Norm.dll
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\Norm.pdb
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\Norm.xml
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\obj\Debug\MenuFacil.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\obj\Debug\MenuFacil.dll
c:\users\douglas\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MenuFacil\MenuFacil\obj\Debug\MenuFacil.pdb
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\obj\Debug\MenuFacil.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\obj\Debug\MenuFacil.dll
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\obj\Debug\MenuFacil.pdb
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\MenuFacil.dll
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\MenuFacil.pdb
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\Norm.pdb
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\Norm.xml
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\pt-br\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\pt-br\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\pt-br\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Bruno\Documents\GitHub\menufacil\bin\pt-br\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
